---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "apono_bundles Data Source - terraform-provider-apono"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves existing bundles. Use this data source to reference bundles in the Access Flow resource.
---

# apono_bundles (Data Source)

Retrieves existing bundles. Use this data source to reference bundles in the Access Flow resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) Filters the returned bundles by their name. Partial matching is supported with asterisks for contains, starts with, and ends with.  (e.g., "\*my-bundles\*").

### Read-Only

- `bundles` (Attributes Set) A list of bundles that match the filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bundles))

<a id="nestedatt--bundles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bundles`

Read-Only:

- `access_targets` (Attributes Set) List of access targets for this bundle (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bundles--access_targets))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the bundle.
- `name` (String) The name of the bundle.

<a id="nestedatt--bundles--access_targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bundles.access_targets`

Read-Only:

- `access_scope` (Attributes) Access scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bundles--access_targets--access_scope))
- `integration` (Attributes) Integration target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bundles--access_targets--integration))

<a id="nestedatt--bundles--access_targets--access_scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bundles.access_targets.access_scope`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the access scope.


<a id="nestedatt--bundles--access_targets--integration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bundles.access_targets.integration`

Read-Only:

- `integration_name` (String) The name of the integration
- `permissions` (Set of String) List of permissions
- `resource_type` (String) The type of resource
- `resources_scopes` (Attributes List) If null, the scope will apply to any resource in the integration target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bundles--access_targets--integration--resources_scopes))

<a id="nestedatt--bundles--access_targets--integration--resources_scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bundles.access_targets.integration.resources_scopes`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. Only required if type = TAG
- `scope_mode` (String) Possible values: `include_resources` or `exclude_resources`. `include_resources`: Grants access to the specific resources listed under the `values` field. `exclude_resources`: Grants access to all resources within the integration except those specified in the `values` field.
- `type` (String) NAME - specify resources by their name, APONO_ID - specify resources by their ID, or TAG - specify resources by tag.
- `values` (List of String) Resource values to match (IDs, names, or tag values).
