---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "apono_integrations Data Source - terraform-provider-apono"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get list integrations.
---

# apono_integrations (Data Source)

Use this data source to get list integrations.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "apono_integrations" "k8s_integrations" {
  type = "k8s-roles"
}

data "apono_integrations" "prod_integrations" {
  connector_id = "prod-us-east-1"
}

data "apono_integrations" "prod_mysql_integrations" {
  type         = "mysql"
  connector_id = "production-us-east-1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `connector_id` (String) Integration connector id to filter by
- `type` (String) Integration type to filter by

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `integrations` (Attributes List) List of integrations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations))

<a id="nestedatt--integrations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations`

Optional:

- `aws_secret` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--aws_secret))
- `gcp_secret` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--gcp_secret))
- `kubernetes_secret` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--kubernetes_secret))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Integration metadata

Read-Only:

- `connected_resource_types` (Set of String) Connected resource types
- `connector_id` (String) Apono connector identifier
- `custom_access_details` (String) Custom access details message that will be displayed to end users when they access this integration
- `id` (String) Integration identifier
- `integration_owners` (Attributes Set) Enter one or more users, groups, shifts or attributes. This field is mandatory when using Resource Owners and serves as a fallback approver if no resource owner is found. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--integration_owners))
- `name` (String) Integration name
- `resource_owner_mappings` (Attributes Set) Let Apono know which tag represents owners and how to map it to a known attribute in Apono. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--resource_owner_mappings))
- `type` (String) Integration type

<a id="nestedatt--integrations--aws_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.aws_secret`

Required:

- `region` (String) Aws secret region
- `secret_id` (String) Aws secret name or ARN


<a id="nestedatt--integrations--gcp_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.gcp_secret`

Required:

- `project` (String) GCP secret project
- `secret_id` (String) GCP secret ID


<a id="nestedatt--integrations--kubernetes_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.kubernetes_secret`

Required:

- `name` (String) Kubernetes secret name
- `namespace` (String) Kubernetes secret namespace


<a id="nestedatt--integrations--integration_owners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.integration_owners`

Required:

- `attribute` (String) Insert the attribute type that the tag values will map into. For example: pagerduty_shift, okta_city, group, etc.
- `value` (List of String) Provide the attribute value that will serve as the Integration Owner. For example, the user email, group name, etc.

Optional:

- `integration_id` (String) Provide the User Context integration ID the attribute originates from, for example Okta, Pagerduty, etc. You can find the ID in the Apono API Reference.


<a id="nestedatt--integrations--resource_owner_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.resource_owner_mappings`

Required:

- `attribute` (String) Insert the attribute type that the tag values will map into. For example: pagerduty_shift, okta_city, group, etc.
- `key_name` (String) Insert the tag name (key) that represents owners in the cloud environment.

Optional:

- `attribute_integration_id` (String) Provide the User Context integration ID the attribute originates from, for example Okta, Pagerduty, etc. You can find the ID in the Apono API Reference.
