---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "apono_user_information_integrations Data Source - terraform-provider-apono"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a list of Apono User Information Integrations.
---

# apono_user_information_integrations (Data Source)

Retrieves a list of Apono User Information Integrations.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "apono_user_information_integrations" "all" {}

output "all_user_information_integrations" {
  value = data.apono_user_information_integrations.all.integrations
}

data "apono_user_information_integrations" "jumpcloud" {
  name = "Jumpcloud IDP"
}

output "jumpcloud_user_information_integration" {
  value = data.apono_user_information_integrations.jumpcloud.integrations
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) Filter integrations by name, supports wildcards.
- `type` (String) Filter integrations by type, supports wildcards.

### Read-Only

- `integrations` (Attributes List) The list of user information integrations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations))

<a id="nestedatt--integrations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations`

Optional:

- `last_sync_time` (String) The timestamp of the last synchronization.

Read-Only:

- `category` (String) The category of the integration.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the integration.
- `integration_config` (Map of String) Configuration for the integration as key-value pairs.
- `name` (String) The name of the integration.
- `secret_config` (Attributes) Configuration for secret store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_config))
- `status` (String) The status of the integration.
- `type` (String) The type of the integration.

<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_config`

Read-Only:

- `aws` (Attributes) AWS secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_config--aws))
- `azure` (Attributes) Azure secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_config--azure))
- `gcp` (Attributes) GCP secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_config--gcp))
- `hashicorp_vault` (Attributes) HashiCorp Vault secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_config--hashicorp_vault))
- `type` (String) The type of the secret store (AWS, GCP, AZURE, HASHICORP_VAULT).

<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_config--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_config.aws`

Read-Only:

- `region` (String) The AWS region.
- `secret_id` (String) The AWS secret ID.


<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_config--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_config.azure`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The Azure secret name.
- `vault_url` (String) The Azure Vault URL.


<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_config--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_config.gcp`

Read-Only:

- `project` (String) The GCP project.
- `secret_id` (String) The GCP secret ID.


<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_config--hashicorp_vault"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_config.hashicorp_vault`

Read-Only:

- `path` (String) The HashiCorp Vault path.
- `secret_engine` (String) The HashiCorp Vault secret engine.
