---
page_title: "apono_bundles Data Source - terraform-provider-apono"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    Retrieves a list of existing Apono Bundles. This data source is typically used to reference bundle definitions within Access Flow resources. You can filter bundles by name using exact or wildcard matching.
---

# Data Source: apono_bundles

Retrieves a list of existing Apono Bundles. This data source is typically used to reference bundle definitions within Access Flow resources. You can filter bundles by name using exact or wildcard matching.

## Example Usage

### Retrieve Bundles by Name

```terraform
data "apono_bundles" "critical_prod_db_bundle" {
  name = "*Production DB*"
}
```

Example usage of [`critical_prod_db_bundle`](../resources/access_flow_v2.md#bundle-and-access-scope-as-access-targets) used in an access flow.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) Filter by bundle name. Partial matching is supported with asterisks for contains, starts with, and ends with. (e.g., "prod*").

### Read-Only

- `bundles` (Attributes List) A list of bundles matching the filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bundles))

<a id="nestedatt--bundles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bundles`

Read-Only:

- `access_targets` (Attributes List) A list of access targets included in the bundle. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bundles--access_targets))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the bundle.
- `name` (String) Name of the bundle.

<a id="nestedatt--bundles--access_targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bundles.access_targets`

Read-Only:

- `access_scope` (Attributes) Access scope target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bundles--access_targets--access_scope))
- `integration` (Attributes) Defines an integration and resources to which access will be granted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bundles--access_targets--integration))

<a id="nestedatt--bundles--access_targets--access_scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bundles.access_targets.access_scope`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the access scope.


<a id="nestedatt--bundles--access_targets--integration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bundles.access_targets.integration`

Read-Only:

- `integration_name` (String) The name of the integration
- `permissions` (Set of String) List of permissions (e.g., "Attach", "ReadOnlyAccess").
- `resource_type` (String) The type of resource within the integration for which access is being granted (e.g., aws-account-s3-bucket).
- `resources_scopes` (Attributes List) A list of filters defining which resources are included or excluded. If null, the scope will apply to any resource in the integration target (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bundles--access_targets--integration--resources_scopes))

<a id="nestedatt--bundles--access_targets--integration--resources_scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bundles.access_targets.integration.resources_scopes`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. Only required if type = TAG
- `scope_mode` (String) Possible values: `include_resources` or `exclude_resources`. `include_resources`: Grants access to the specific resources listed under the `values` field. `exclude_resources`: Grants access to all resources within the integration except those specified in the `values` field.
- `type` (String) NAME - specify resources by their name, APONO_ID - specify resources by their ID, or TAG - specify resources by tag.
- `values` (List of String) Resource values to match (IDs, names, or tag values).
