---
page_title: "apono_resource_integrations Data Source - terraform-provider-apono"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    Retrieves a set of resource integrations based on filters such as connector ID, integration name, and type. This data source is typically used to query and reference existing integrations in the Access Flow resource.
---

# Data Source: apono_resource_integrations

Retrieves a set of resource integrations based on filters such as connector ID, integration name, and type. This data source is typically used to query and reference existing integrations in the Access Flow resource.

## Example Usage

### Retrieve AWS Integrations by Name, Type, and Connector ID

```terraform
data "apono_resource_integrations" "aws_staging_integrations" {
  name         = "*staging-*"
  type         = "aws-*"
  connector_id = "AwsIntegrationConnector"
}
```

### Retrieve Kubernetes Integrations by Type

```terraform
data "apono_resource_integrations" "kubernetes_integrations" {
  type = "k8s-roles"
}
```

Example usage of [`aws_staging_integrations`](../resources/access_flow_v2.md#integration-owner-as-approver) used in an access flow.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `connector_id` (String) Filter by the ID of the connector used to connect the integration.
- `name` (String) Filter by integration name. Partial matching is supported with asterisks for contains, starts with, and ends with. (e.g., "DB Prod*").
- `type` (String) Filter by Apono integration type. Partial matching is supported with asterisks for contains, starts with, and ends with. (e.g., "\*duty\*", "aws-*").

### Read-Only

- `integrations` (Attributes List) A list of matching integrations. Each item in the list contains the following attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations))

<a id="nestedatt--integrations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations`

Optional:

- `secret_store_config` (Attributes) Final applied secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config))

Read-Only:

- `connected_resource_types` (List of String) Resource types discovered by the integration.
- `connector_id` (String) ID of the associated Apono connector.
- `custom_access_details` (String) Custom access instructions for end users, displayed in the access details modal.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the integration.
- `integration_config` (Map of String) Key-value integration-specific configuration. Refer to the [Integration Configuration documentation](https://docs.apono.io/metadata-for-integration-config) for specific configuration values.
- `name` (String) Human-readable name of the integration.
- `owner` (Attributes) Integration owner. Fallback used by Apono when no specific resource owner is available. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--owner))
- `owners_mapping` (Attributes) Resource owners. This configuration determines how ownership is inferred dynamically for each resource discovered by the integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--owners_mapping))
- `type` (String) Type of the integration (e.g., "aws-account", "postgresql").

<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_store_config`

Read-Only:

- `aws` (Attributes) AWS secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--aws))
- `azure` (Attributes) Azure secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--azure))
- `gcp` (Attributes) GCP secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--gcp))
- `hashicorp_vault` (Attributes) HashiCorp Vault secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--hashicorp_vault))
- `kubernetes` (Attributes) Kubernetes secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--kubernetes))

<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_store_config.aws`

Read-Only:

- `region` (String) The AWS region.
- `secret_id` (String) The AWS secret ID.


<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_store_config.azure`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The Azure secret name.
- `vault_url` (String) The Azure Vault URL.


<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_store_config.gcp`

Read-Only:

- `project` (String) The GCP project.
- `secret_id` (String) The GCP secret ID.


<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--hashicorp_vault"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_store_config.hashicorp_vault`

Read-Only:

- `path` (String) The HashiCorp Vault path.
- `secret_engine` (String) The HashiCorp Vault secret engine.


<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_store_config.kubernetes`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The Kubernetes secret name.
- `namespace` (String) The Kubernetes namespace.



<a id="nestedatt--integrations--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.owner`

Read-Only:

- `attribute_type` (String) Type of the owner attribute (e.g., user, group).
- `attribute_values` (List of String) List of assigned owner values.
- `source_integration_name` (String) Name of the integration from which the type originates from (e.g. "Google Oauth").
- `type` (String, Deprecated) Use `attribute_type` instead. `type` will be removed in v2.0.0.
- `values` (List of String, Deprecated) List of values for the ownership assignment. Use `attribute_values` instead. `values` will be removed in v2.0.0.


<a id="nestedatt--integrations--owners_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.owners_mapping`

Read-Only:

- `attribute_type` (String) Type of the attribute (e.g., user, group).
- `key_name` (String) Name of the tag created in your cloud environment.
- `source_integration_name` (String) Name of the integration from which the attribute type originates (e.g., “Google Oauth”)