---
page_title: "apono_user_information_integrations (beta) Data Source - terraform-provider-apono"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    Retrieves a list of user information integrations, with optional filters by name and type. This data source is useful when you need to reference existing identity providers or context integrations like Google OAuth, Okta, PagerDuty, and others.
---

# Data Source: apono_user_information_integrations (beta)

Retrieves a list of user information integrations, with optional filters by name and type. This data source is useful when you need to reference existing identity providers or context integrations like Google OAuth, Okta, PagerDuty, and others.

-> **Note** Please note this datasource is in **beta**.

## Example Usage

### Retrieve Google OAuth Integrations by Name

```terraform
data "apono_user_information_integrations" "google_oauth_idp" {
  name = "Google*"
}
```

### Retrieve All User Information Integrations

```terraform
data "apono_user_information_integrations" "all" {}
```

### Retrieve All PagerDuty and Zenduty Integrations by Type

```terraform
data "apono_user_information_integrations" "pagerduty_and_zenduty_integrations" {
  type = "*duty*"
}
```

Example usage of [`google_oauth_idp`](../resources/access_flow_v2.md#access-to-sensitive-production-for-users-via-google-oauth-idp) used in an access flow.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) Filters the returned integrations by their name. Partial matching is supported with asterisks for contains, starts with, and ends with. (e.g., "Google\*").
- `type` (String) Filters the returned integrations by their type. Partial matching is supported with asterisks for contains, starts with, and ends with. (e.g., "\*duty\*").

### Read-Only

- `integrations` (Attributes List) A list of user information integrations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations))

<a id="nestedatt--integrations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations`

Optional:

- `last_sync_time` (String) Timestamp of the last synchronization (if available).
- `secret_store_config` (Attributes) Final applied secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config))

Read-Only:

- `category` (String) The integration’s category (e.g., USER-INFORMATION).
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the integration.
- `integration_config` (Map of String) Integration-specific configuration that accepts key-value pairs.
- `name` (String) The name of the integration.
- `status` (String) The current operational status of the integration.
- `type` (String) The type of the integration.

<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_store_config`

Read-Only:

- `aws` (Attributes) AWS secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--aws))
- `azure` (Attributes) Azure secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--azure))
- `gcp` (Attributes) GCP secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--gcp))
- `hashicorp_vault` (Attributes) HashiCorp Vault secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--hashicorp_vault))
- `kubernetes` (Attributes) Kubernetes secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--kubernetes))

<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_store_config.aws`

Read-Only:

- `region` (String) The AWS region.
- `secret_id` (String) The AWS secret ID.


<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_store_config.azure`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The Azure secret name.
- `vault_url` (String) The Azure Vault URL.


<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_store_config.gcp`

Read-Only:

- `project` (String) The GCP project.
- `secret_id` (String) The GCP secret ID.


<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--hashicorp_vault"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_store_config.hashicorp_vault`

Read-Only:

- `path` (String) The HashiCorp Vault path.
- `secret_engine` (String) The HashiCorp Vault secret engine.


<a id="nestedatt--integrations--secret_store_config--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integrations.secret_store_config.kubernetes`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The Kubernetes secret name.
- `namespace` (String) The Kubernetes namespace.
