---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "apono_manual_webhook Resource - terraform-provider-apono"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Apono Manual Webhook
---

# apono_manual_webhook (Resource)

Apono Manual Webhook

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "apono_manual_webhook" "webhook_prod" {
  name   = "Webhook Prod"
  active = true
  type = {
    http_request = {
      method = "GET"
      url    = "https://example.com"
      headers = {
        "X-Header-Name" = "header-value"
      }
    }
  }
  body_template = "{ \"key\": \"value\" }"
  authentication_config = {
    oauth = {
      client_id          = "client_id"
      client_secret      = "client_secret"
      scopes             = ["scope1", "scope2"]
      token_endpoint_url = "https://example.com/token"
    }
  }
  response_validators = [
    {
      expected_values = ["value1", "value2"]
      json_path       = "json_path"
    }
  ]
  timeout_in_sec                  = 60
  custom_validation_error_message = "This is a custom validation error message"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `active` (Boolean) Indicates whether the trigger is active. Set to true to enable the webhook or false to disable it
- `name` (String) Manual Webhook name. This is a human-readable label to identify the webhook
- `type` (Attributes) Defines the kind of webhook being configured. The type determines whether the webhook operates as an HTTP request or performs an integration action. See the nested schema below for further details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--type))

### Optional

- `authentication_config` (Attributes) Configuration details for authenticating the webhook requests. See the nested schema below for details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication_config))
- `body_template` (String) A customizable template for the request body. Use this to format the payload sent by the webhook, allowing context-specific content
- `custom_validation_error_message` (String) A custom error message to display when the webhook fails validation. This provides clear feedback to users in case of validation issues
- `response_validators` (Attributes Set) A collection of validators to verify the response received from the webhook endpoint. Each validator checks specific conditions to ensure the response meets the expected criteria. See the nested schema below for details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--response_validators))
- `timeout_in_sec` (Number) The maximum time, in seconds, that the webhook waits for a response from the endpoint before timing out

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Manual Webhook identifier

<a id="nestedatt--type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `type`

Optional:

- `http_request` (Attributes) Manual Webhook HTTP Request (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--type--http_request))
- `integration` (Attributes) Manual Webhook Integration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--type--integration))

<a id="nestedatt--type--http_request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `type.http_request`

Required:

- `headers` (Map of String, Sensitive) Key-value pairs representing HTTP headers to include in the request. These headers can be used to pass metadata or authentication tokens
- `method` (String) The HTTP method used for the request, such as GET, POST, PUT, PATCH or DELETE. The method determines the type of operation the webhook performs on the target resource
- `url` (String) The endpoint URL to which the HTTP request is sent. This is the target server or service that the webhook interacts with


<a id="nestedatt--type--integration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `type.integration`

Required:

- `action_name` (String) The name of the action that the webhook performs as part of the integration. Allowed values are: 'does_user_have_permission', 'invoke_azure_function'
- `integration_id` (String) A unique identifier for the integration associated with the webhook assigned by Apono. This links the webhook to a specific integration within your system



<a id="nestedatt--authentication_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication_config`

Optional:

- `oauth` (Attributes) Contains OAuth-specific configuration details required for secure communication. See the nested schema below for more information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication_config--oauth))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication_config--oauth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication_config.oauth`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The client identifier issued by the OAuth provider. This is used to authenticate the webhook application
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The secret associated with the client identifier. Keep this value secure, as it is critical for establishing trusted communication
- `scopes` (Set of String) A list of permissions or access levels the webhook requests from the OAuth provider. Defaults to an empty list if no specific scopes are needed
- `token_endpoint_url` (String) The URL where the webhook can request OAuth tokens. This is part of the OAuth workflow to obtain access tokens for secure access



<a id="nestedatt--response_validators"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response_validators`

Required:

- `expected_values` (Set of String) A list of values the response data must match at the specified json_path to pass validation
- `json_path` (String) A JSON expression to extract specific parts of the webhook response. This is used to pinpoint and validate elements within a structured JSON response
