---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "apono_integration Resource - terraform-provider-apono"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Apono Integration
---

# apono_integration (Resource)

Apono Integration

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "apono_integration" "postgresql_prod" {
  name                     = "DB Prod"
  type                     = "postgresql"
  connector_id             = "00000-1111-222222-33333-444444"
  connected_resource_types = ["postgresql-database", "postgresql-table"]
  custom_access_details    = "This is a custom access detail"
  metadata = {
    hostname = "prod-postgresql.us-east-1.internal.example.com"
    port     = "5432"
    dbname   = "postgres"
  }
  aws_secret = {
    region    = "us-east-1"
    secret_id = "arn:aws:secretsmanager:us-east-1:123456789012:secret:/prod/postgresql/apono"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connector_id` (String) Apono connector identifier
- `name` (String) Integration name
- `type` (String) Integration type

### Optional

- `aws_secret` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_secret))
- `connected_resource_types` (Set of String) Resource types to sync, if omitted all resources types will be synced.
- `custom_access_details` (String) Custom access details message that will be displayed to end users when they access this integration.
- `gcp_secret` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gcp_secret))
- `integration_owners` (Attributes Set) Enter one or more users, groups, shifts or attributes. This field is mandatory when using Resource Owners and serves as a fallback approver if no resource owner is found. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integration_owners))
- `kubernetes_secret` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kubernetes_secret))
- `metadata` (Map of String) Integration metadata
- `resource_owner_mappings` (Attributes Set) Let Apono know which tag represents owners and how to map it to a known attribute in Apono. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_owner_mappings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Integration identifier

<a id="nestedatt--aws_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_secret`

Required:

- `region` (String) Aws secret region
- `secret_id` (String) Aws secret name or ARN


<a id="nestedatt--gcp_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gcp_secret`

Required:

- `project` (String) GCP secret project
- `secret_id` (String) GCP secret ID


<a id="nestedatt--integration_owners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integration_owners`

Required:

- `attribute` (String) Insert the attribute type that the tag values will map into. For example: pagerduty_shift, okta_city, group, etc.
- `value` (List of String) Provide the attribute value that will serve as the Integration Owner. For example, the user email, group name, etc.

Optional:

- `integration_id` (String) Provide the User Context integration ID the attribute originates from, for example Okta, Pagerduty, etc. You can find the ID in the Apono API Reference.


<a id="nestedatt--kubernetes_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubernetes_secret`

Required:

- `name` (String) Kubernetes secret name
- `namespace` (String) Kubernetes secret namespace


<a id="nestedatt--resource_owner_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_owner_mappings`

Required:

- `attribute` (String) Insert the attribute type that the tag values will map into. For example: pagerduty_shift, okta_city, group, etc.
- `key_name` (String) Insert the tag name (key) that represents owners in the cloud environment.

Optional:

- `attribute_integration_id` (String) Provide the User Context integration ID the attribute originates from, for example Okta, Pagerduty, etc. You can find the ID in the Apono API Reference.
