---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "apono_resource_integration Resource - terraform-provider-apono"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an Apono Resource Integration.
---

# apono_resource_integration (Resource)

Manages an Apono Resource Integration.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connected_resource_types` (List of String) List of resource types connected through this integration.
- `connector_id` (String) The ID of the connector to use for this integration.
- `integration_config` (Map of String) Configuration for the integration as key-value pairs.
- `name` (String) The name of the resource integration.
- `type` (String) The type of the resource integration (e.g., 'postgresql').

### Optional

- `credentials_rotation_period_in_days` (Number) Period in days after which credentials are rotated.
- `custom_access_details` (String) Custom details for accessing the resource.
- `owner` (Attributes) Owner configuration for the resource integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner))
- `owners_mapping` (Attributes) Owners mapping configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owners_mapping))
- `secret_store_config` (Attributes) Configuration for secret store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_store_config))
- `user_cleanup_period_in_days` (Number) Period in days after which users are cleaned up.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource integration.

<a id="nestedatt--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the owner (e.g., 'user').
- `values` (List of String) List of values for the owner.

Optional:

- `source_integration_name` (String) Name of the source integration.


<a id="nestedatt--owners_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owners_mapping`

Required:

- `attribute_type` (String) Type of the attribute (e.g., 'group').
- `key_name` (String) Name of the key for mapping.

Optional:

- `source_integration_name` (String) Name of the source integration.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_store_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_store_config`

Optional:

- `aws` (Attributes) AWS secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_store_config--aws))
- `azure` (Attributes) Azure secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_store_config--azure))
- `gcp` (Attributes) GCP secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_store_config--gcp))
- `hashicorp_vault` (Attributes) HashiCorp Vault secret store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_store_config--hashicorp_vault))

<a id="nestedatt--secret_store_config--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_store_config.aws`

Required:

- `region` (String) The AWS region.
- `secret_id` (String) The AWS secret ID.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_store_config--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_store_config.azure`

Required:

- `name` (String) The Azure secret name.
- `vault_url` (String) The Azure Vault URL.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_store_config--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_store_config.gcp`

Required:

- `project` (String) The GCP project.
- `secret_id` (String) The GCP secret ID.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_store_config--hashicorp_vault"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_store_config.hashicorp_vault`

Required:

- `path` (String) The HashiCorp Vault path.
- `secret_engine` (String) The HashiCorp Vault secret engine.
